- Previously on Doc...
- I wanted to give you another chance
to answer my question.
- About what?
- Bill Dixon.
- He aspirated on lunch
and he could not
be resuscitated.
If you're lying.
you're done here.
Dr. Larsen has no recollection
of the last eight years.
Are you married? I hope she
appreciates what she has.
Maybe all that matters is
how you feel about him now.
Promise me you will
get counselling.
I will. And I'm gonna
take some time off.
TJ? What are you doing here?
You know you're the reason.
You're the reason
I became a doctor.
Hi. what can I get for you?
I want snack!
Oh. shh. Could we possibly
get seconds on pretzels?
Somebody's already eaten
everything I packed.
I'll be right back.
I want Daddy.
Remember I told you that
he had to go on the plane
a day early? But he's gonna
be there when we land.
But right now. I think
your brother wants to play.
You wanna listen?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Here. I'll listen too.
We'll listen together. Here.
- Like this.
Yeah. put it here. Put
it here. What's he doing?
What's he saying. Katydid?
Oh my God!
He can't breathe! Is
there a doctor on board?
Could you...
watch her for a second?
- Yes.
Mama's gonna be
right back. okay?
We need a doctor!
- It's okay. I'm a doctor.
Let's give him some space.
Hey. I'm gonna need
the emergency kit now.
Yeah.
Okay. Okay. it's okay.
I'm gonna have a listen.
Okay. Your left
lung has collapsed.
But I can fix that.
I need scissors.
Okay. I'm gonna need
alcohol wipes. gloves.
a syringe. and the largest
IV catheter you have.
Yes.
Here we go.
- Okay. listen.
This is gonna pinch a little bit
but it's gonna work.
I promise. Here we go.
Okay. Here we go. here
we go. here we go.
Breathe. just breathe.
Okay...
Relax.
Let's start over.
I'm Doctor Amy.
what's your name?
Uh. Theo. but my
friends call me TJ.
All right. as most of
you have no doubt heard.
the incomparable Amy Larsen
has once again
passed her Boards.
Congratulations.
On being the oldest
intern of all time?
As of today. Dr. Larsen's
full privileges are restored.
Which means she can see
patients on her own.
prescribe meds. perform
procedures unassisted.
I can even walk and
chew gum by myself.
When does she get
her office back?
What are you even doing here?
This isn't your department.
- I heard there'd be cake.
- No cake. but
we do have a little something...
Well done. Dr. Larsen.
Couldn't have done
it without you.
I mean. without
all of you. really.
Thank you all for your
patience and your support.
Yeah. especially those
who had to be coerced.
Uh. yeah.
and when I make Attending.
there'll be cake.
Meanwhile. don't all
of you have work to do?
Thank you.
How do I look?
- Incredible.
Next time. maybe
that's all you'll wear?
- Hey!
- Hey. TJ!
- Look who's back in uniform.
- I'll catch you later.
Okay. Where's yours?
I'm off today. Or I was.
- Oh!
- But. actually.
can you come with
me? There's a patient
who wants to see you.
Hm!
No way! Mr. Coleman!
Hey! It's so good to see you.
- So good to see you too.
- How long's it been?
Too long. And you know you're
supposed to call me Randy.
"Mr. Coleman"
makes me feel old.
Well. if it makes you feel
any better. you look exactly
the way that I remember.
And that is saying
something these days.
Heard about your accident.
Theresa and I have
been praying for you.
Well. somebody must've
been listening.
because I'm actually doing okay.
So. how can I repay the favor?
Uh. you can start by
telling this son of mine
he's overreacting.
- Oh. here we go.
He fell on the
job. hurt his knee.
- Mm.
- Yeah. don't sell me short.
son. some punk snatched
a purse on the Metro.
Luckily. Officer Coleman here
still got some wheels.
- Okay. Pops.
More like a flat tire.
I just wanna make sure
the knee's not something
to worry about. He
claims he has no pain.
but I noticed some gait
instability. Possible weakness.
Randy. will you walk
across the room for me?
It's good to have you back.
So. you're okay?
Well. I'm a little bummed the
hospital didn't fall apart
without me. but
I'll get over it.
That's not what I meant.
Yeah. I know what you meant.
Anything I can do?
Yeah. Don't treat
me differently.
Okay. Well. in that case.
quit standing around.
Get back to work.
Okay. Nikki. Can you
just gimme a deep breath?
Again.
Okay. diminished
right-side breath sounds.
worse at the base. How long
have you had the cough?
- About three weeks.
- And the chest pain?
I dunno. a couple of days?
Look. Lyla has to be at school
or she'll miss breakfast.
and I'll miss my shift. so...
It's probably bronchitis. right?
Can't you just write me a
prescription or something?
Not before we know
what to treat.
and with your symptoms.
you're gonna need a chest CT.
EKG. bloodwork.
- Great.
How long's that gonna take?
- Mommy. I'm hungry.
I know. sweetie. I'm
working on it. okay?
Um. look. just forget it.
We shouldn't have come.
We can't discharge you
with vitals like these.
Is there someone you can call
to take care of your daughter?
Well. if there was. then she
wouldn't be here now. would she?
Okay. let's do this.
Nikki. you're gonna stay
here while we run some tests.
And. Lyla. you wanna come
with me down to the cafeteria?
My daughter Mia says that
they make a mean French toast.
Why is it so mean?
Well. that's just
code for delicious.
You can get whipped cream.
strawberries. chocolate chips...
Can I. Mommy? Please?
Fine.
It wasn't real cheese.
Somebody needs to
give you the recipe
- It wasn't real cheese.
- MRI is clean.
No evidence of ligamentous
injury or fracture.
or any trauma.
- See? I'm fine.
But there is a small
collection of fluid
in the joint. and I would like
to drain it just to be safe
and send it for additional labs.
- What do you think?
We're here. might as
well run one more test.
Pop. what is it?
I can't feel that.
No.
Do you feel this?
- No.
What about this?
Nothing.
Okay. you push your
toes against my hand.
I can't move my legs.
Well. that was
pretty scary. huh?
- Why is this happening to me?
- I don't know yet.
Did you hurt yourself
in Hawaii? Any falls?
Were you feeling sick today?
A little nauseous. maybe?
Kinda sore. all over?
But like. mainly my legs.
- Oh.
- Knees and ankles.
Oh! Sorry. TJ.
Is there any chance that
you have been scuba diving
in the last 24 hours?
I just wanted one last dive.
I only visit my
grandparents once a year.
Okay. I think you have
decompression sickness.
The bends.
It happens when you ascend
too quickly after diving
and you get small nitrogen
bubbles in your bloodstream.
And you're not supposed to fly.
I thought I did
everything right.
It's okay. It's nothing
we can't handle.
He needs a hyperbaric oxygen
chamber as soon as possible.
We're in the middle
of the Pacific Ocean.
Closest airport is LA. and
even that is three hours out.
Two and a half. if we burn fuel.
Do it. Were you able
to reach his parents?
Air Traffic Control was
able to patch his father in.
I know it's frightening.
Try not to panic. There
are plenty of reasons
for weakness and loss of
sensation in the legs.
It could be a lumbar disc
issue or peripheral neuropathy.
It could be an
autoimmune attack.
He had a cold.
what. a month ago?
That sounds right. But
why does it matter?
Okay. well. in that case.
it's probably Guillain-Barré.
It's an autoimmune disease
that's often triggered by a GI
or a respiratory infection.
- Is it treatable?
- Mm-hmm.
- With plasmapheresis
and intravenous immunoglobulin.
most patients make
a complete recovery.
- A spinal tap to confirm.
And I'll also schedule a
lumbar MRI. just to be safe.
Okay.
Almost done. Nikki.
Is Lyla behaving
herself out there?
It's all good.
She's doing great.
- Dr. Jake?
- Mm-hmm?
- Why do you have crayons?
- Well. sometimes. if I'm lucky.
my daughter comes to
visit me here at work.
I go to Mom's work sometimes.
but her boss never
has any crayons.
- What are you drawing?
- It's you guys. fixing Mommy.
You are gonna fix her. right?
Pinky promise.
Oh. hey. Chief. you got a sec?
Sure. what's going on?
Dr. Larsen had asked me to
look into an old patient.
Bill Dixon?
What? She remembers him?
Uh. no. but apparently
she found something vague
in her email and she
was asking about it.
Uh. so what's the problem?
Well. his patient record
said he died in our care.
but when I tried to access the
autopsy. it was restricted.
Hmm. I don't know why.
I'm happy to look into
it and I'll circle back
with Dr. Larsen. Now.
if you'll excuse me.
I'm actually late for a meeting.
You said you had
your bases covered.
And I thought that I did.
But now Amy's asking questions.
And Amy's questions are
becoming Julie's questions.
All right. don't spiral!
So. people are digging. So what?
What exactly are
they gonna find?
That wasn't rhetorical. Richard.
What's your exposure?
Is there a paper trail?
No. I don't think so.
Okay. I'm gonna say this
with love 'cause my fee buys
a certain bedside manner.
but you don't
inspire confidence.
Well. your fee better buy
a whole lot more than that.
We need to start preparing
a defense in case
this goes to trial.
- My negligence killed a man.
and then I lied about it.
How do you defend that?
Well. is there an alternate
theory for what happened?
Okay. so. my dad's losing
feeling in his abdomen.
which has him freaked.
But I assured him
that ascending paralysis
just further confirms
the Guillain-Barré theory.
The lab sent through the results
from the lumbar puncture.
- What's wrong?
- It's negative for GB.
S...
S-So it's a false negative.
Early onset may not yield
elevated protein levels
or other diagnostic
CSF findings.
Maybe. But I think
we need to consider
the possibility that
it is something else.
- Something worse. you mean?
- We need a cervical
and a thoracic MRI.
And. if I were you. I'd get
your mother to the hospital.
So. we got your
chest scans back.
they show a collection of
fluid on your right side
and multiple lung nodules.
Nodules? You mean.
like. like cancer?
They could just as
easily be benign growths.
or it could be an infection.
- We won't know for sure
until we biopsy. But we'll
schedule the procedure
for first thing in the
morning and go from there.
Ms. Wilson? Hi.
My name is Linda.
I'm a social worker
here at Westside and
the hospital liaison
to the Department of
Child and Family Services.
Wait. what's going on here?
I think there's been a mistake.
We didn't place a consult.
- No.
but a nurse in the clinic did.
This patient is the sole
caregiver to a minor.
Ms. Wilson. if you're
staying overnight.
we need to find a temporary
placement for your daughter.
Oh no. Like hell you do.
You're not taking my kid.
Not again.
What are my rights here?
Because if this
is my only option.
then I will check myself out.
You'd be doing that
against medical advice.
- Does it look like I care?!
- Whoa. whoa! Let's just take
a beat here. Maybe we
can figure something out.
I'm afraid there is
nothing to figure out.
It's hospital policy.
- I mean it. Dr. Heller.
I will leave right now
unless you tell me
there is another way.
I know that this
exposes the hospital
to a certain amount of
liability. but we have...
This isn't about liability.
this is about the safety
of the child. I mean. where
do you plan to put her?
Every bed is taken.
- There's a couch
in her mom's room.
- No. there will be staff
in and out all night. not
to mention it's not fair
to Nikki's roommate.
- Okay. The on-call room. then.
It's private. it's
quiet. Dr. Maitra and I.
we can take shifts watching her.
- As well-meaning as that is.
Dr. Heller and Dr. Maitra
should be focused
on their patient.
not her daughter.
Look. all due respect. you
do not know this family.
Nikki has a history with DCFS.
During COVID. she lost her job.
then she lost her apartment.
They were living in her
car. When DCFS got involved.
it took 18 months before
Lyla could come home.
That's awful.
But our primary responsibility
has to be Nikki's care.
Okay. if you try to
separate them right now.
Nikki will leave.
And she is too sick.
God only knows what will
happen to her. or Lyla.
if they walk out so. tell me.
how is that in the best
interests of this child?
The on-call room is not
a long-term solution.
If Nikki has lung cancer...
- That is tomorrow's problem.
Just give me some time
to figure this out.
You have 24 hours.
I'm right here. Dad.
Not going anywhere.
Thought after all the years
of Confined Spaces Training.
this'd be a cakewalk.
I know. But hey.
one sequence down.
only about ten more to go.
Have we got an image yet?
Loading as we speak.
You see that. right?
I do.
Th-That's cancer.
No. right now that
is just a lesion.
We don't know more than that
without a CT scan or a biopsy.
I know what I'm looking at.
Okay.
So we call in the specialists.
We get Dr. Flint.
Dr. Reza. Dr. Walker...
We get them all back
to the hospital.
First. we've gotta
talk to your parents.
I need a minute.
Hi. Chief. You wanted
to see me before I left?
I did. yeah. Come
on in. Have a seat.
Leave her alone!
- Lyla. Lyla.
- Mom!
- Lyla. Honey. honey.
Lyla. wake up. Wake up.
Hey.
You're okay. It was
just a bad dream.
You wanna talk about it?
I want my mommy.
Keep it down. would you?
Okay. come on.
Let's go.
So sorry to wake you.
She had a nightmare.
It's okay. It happens
when she's not in her bed.
It started when they took her.
- Yeah. I can imagine.
Okay. you want
a lullaby? Yeah.
♪ You are my sunshine ♪
♪ My only ♪
- Need some help in here!
- Mommy?
Lyla! Lyla! Lyla. Come
with me. Come with me!
- No. no!
- Lyla! Lyla! Come. come!
Listen to me! I need
you to wait outside.
so I can help your mommy. okay?
Can you do that for me? Go!
What happened? I
saw her O2 plummet
on the telemetry monitor.
Right-side chest is
completely filled with fluid.
Likely acute blood.
She's suffocating.
Okay. let's get her on her side.
Okay. no pulse.
Let's start CPR!
Code blue! Get some suction.
Okay. I can't see to intubate.
There's too much blood.
Bag her. get an airway if
you can. I'll get CT surgery.
This is Dr. Heller. I need
an emergency thoracoscopy.
Room 619.
- Mommy!
Go. we've got this!
Okay. just get someone here now!
- Mommy?
- Lyla. don't look. Come here.
come here. come here.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Hey. hey. it's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
We need to stop the vomiting.
But he is maxed on IV Zofran.
and his blood pressure's
high. which puts him at risk
of a brain bleed.
What can we do?
I could place a nasogastric
tube to decompress his stomach.
Can you get any more
of that oxygen tubing?
Sure. but that sounds painful.
I don't suppose
there's a morphine drip
in that medical kit?
- No. but there are
187 passengers on this flight.
Next best thing to a pharmacy.
- Go.
- Yeah.
Get everything you can. but
see if you get pain patches.
Okay.
Pain on a scale of 1 to 10?
Seven?
Liar.
Look. this patch will help soon.
but in the meantime.
I need to put a tube
up your nose and
down your throat
to try to help the vomiting.
Okay. I'm gonna numb
you as best I can.
and I'll be quick.
Do you trust me?
Okay.
Open your mouth
wide. Ah. Say. "Ah."
Ah...
Okay. Good. Okay.
Hold his hand?
- Yeah.
Okay. Hey. look at me. On
the count of one. two. three.
I know it's painful to hear.
but it's our best
course of action.
The patient has a C1
intramedullary lesion.
I'd do an occipital craniectomy
and C1-2 laminectomy.
open dura. and perform
a midline myelotomy.
going through the spinal
cord to access the lesion.
You'll numb him
from the neck down
for the rest of his life.
- Yes. but he will regain
the ability to move.
That's not nothing.
And cutting through the cord
is the only way to biopsy
and resect the lesion. I
know it's less than ideal.
Less than ideal? I'd say
we're pretty well past
less than ideal.
- I'm not happy about it either.
But I think this
is glioblastoma.
If you wait on surgery.
the tumor could grow.
become inoperable. or
the cancer could spread.
and these are the
good scenarios.
If the edema reaches
his brainstem...
He'll die. I know.
What if it's Primary
Spinal Cord Lymphoma?
Patient doesn't fit the profile.
he's not immunocompromised.
- Which would make this unusual
but not impossible.
Think about it.
Rapid onset. cervical location.
homogenous enhancement.
If I am right.
chemo and corticosteroids
can dissolve the tumor
without surgery. We could see
initial effects within a day.
And if you're wrong. that time
could cost him everything.
If paralysis isn't reversed
within the first 24 hours.
it's often permanent. You
don't know when we cross
the point of no return. Amy.
No. But that choice
should be his.
What choice? There's
only one safe option.
And I'm the neurosurgeon here
who saved your life. by the way!
Don't call me in at
the crack of dawn
if you're not gonna
take my advice!
- I'm just asking questions.
- No. you're hearing hoofbeats
and thinking zebras. And
you sound like an intern!
Okay. okay. That
is unnecessary.
We're all professionals here.
with differing opinions.
TJ. what do you think?
Your heart's in the right place.
But there are fewer than
15 cases of PSCL per year
in the entire country.
And we don't give false hope.
You taught me that.
Okay.
Okay. I will get the paperwork.
I need an operative consent
form for Randy Coleman.
uh. Room 617. Okay.
- Here. You need to eat.
- No. I'm not hungry.
I know. But you've
been up all night.
Just eat.
I take it your consult
didn't go well?
I've been here all of a
day and I am already well
on my way to alienating
every doctor here.
Not every doctor.
How'd your babysitting gig go?
Oh. Mom's in surgery.
but I might have
to keep my day job.
Dr. Larsen.
Did the chief talk
to you about Dixon?
No. was he supposed to?
Well. I looked into
it. like you asked.
and Bill Dixon was
a patient who died.
- Whose patient?
- Dr. Miller's.
So. what happened.
how did he die?
Well. that's just
it. I tried to access
the autopsy report.
and it was restricted.
Hm. Thank you. Um.
lawsuit. maybe?
No idea. But he said he'd
circle back with you.
Okay. I'll talk to him
today. Thanks. Julie.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know.
I knew that name
sounded familiar.
- Dixon?
- Yeah. I mean.
it might be nothing. but...
a while ago. Richard and
I were treating a patient
when a nurse interrupted to say
the Dixon autopsy was ready.
And I didn't think
much of it at the time.
but why the urgency?
I mean. most autopsy reports
just come in an
EHR alert. right?
So. what did he think
he was gonna find?
Ah. Dr. Franco!
Dr. Larsen. what brings you
into my neck of the woods?
Please tell me those
aren't your exam gloves.
Not anymore. Kidding.
I just don't like the
cheese dust. What's up?
I wanted to ask you
about a patient autopsy
from a while ago.
- Um...
- Something wrong?
- Dr. Miller sent me an email
awhile back instructing me
not to discuss patient results
with you without his approval
- What?
- Well. until you were back
on staff. you know? Um.
but as of yesterday.
I guess it's kosher.
Congrats. by the way.
- Thanks.
Um. what autopsy are
you interested in?
Bill Dixon.
Oh. that guy.
Pretty popular
for an 83-year-old
who choked on a ham sandwich.
Dr. Miller asked about
him. too. a few months ago.
Said the family
requested the autopsy.
Why? Was there some reason
to suggest that
something went wrong?
Ah. some people
are just in denial
when the end comes. you know?
Huh. Okay. well. did
you find something?
Uh. not really. I mean.
I was surprised to find
Metoprolol in his system
since it wasn't on
his administered meds.
But Dr. Miller said
it was a mistake.
he just had to update the chart.
He changed the medical
record after Dixon's death?
I know. I know. It's
against protocol.
but. you know. people
are moving fast.
making life-or-death decisions.
Detailed and accurate charting
can be an afterthought.
Finally got her back to sleep.
She won't stop
asking about her mom.
and she refuses
to leave her room.
Any idea when Nikki's
out of surgery?
Not for a few hours. But
we've got another problem.
- What's wrong?
- Our time's up.
DCFS is here.
- Oh my God.
All told. the procedure
should last five hours.
I won't lie. it's a
long road to recovery.
But if you commit to PT. OT.
and inpatient rehab. we'll
get you back on your feet.
I don't understand.
The only way to prevent
permanent paralysis
is to numb him for
the rest of his life?
That's not a choice.
With the numbness. he'll
still have movement.
It's like when your
leg falls asleep.
If you're looking at your
foot. you can still move it.
You can relearn how to walk.
This doesn't have to stop
you from living your life.
How can this be happening?
I was absolutely fine
yesterday morning.
Pop. we will figure this out.
Whatever we need to
do. it'll be hard.
but we're gonna figure it...
- I don't need a pep talk. son.
I need another answer.
One that doesn't turn
my wife into my nurse.
- Randy. no.
- No. I won't ask that of you.
Isn't there any other way?
Actually. there is another
possible diagnosis.
So. How am I?
As good as I look?
Well. I've given you all
of the fluids and meds
that I can. and. yeah.
Your organs are still not
getting enough oxygen.
- And that's why I'm so tired?
- Mm-hmm.
But it just means we have
to work a little harder
to keep you alert.
Here. you wanna tell me about
this book you're reading?
Oh... Or is that gonna
put you to sleep?
- You don't like Homer?
- Uh. Simpson. yes.
But Greek poet. not so much.
I want to have adventures
like those someday.
That's why I'm gonna
do like my parents did.
Join the Army.
then become a cop.
So you are smart and brave.
I guess that
shouldn't surprise me.
seeing how well you've
handled all this.
I hope this little guy grows
up to be half the young man
that you are.
Hey. if I don't make it.
can you please just
tell my parents...
No. no. no. Hey. none of that.
We are landing in 45 minutes.
There's an ambulance there
to take you to the
nearest hospital.
and your parents
are on their way.
All you have to do is hold on.
That's easier said than done.
Here.
I want you to
listen to something.
You hear that?
You are not going anywhere.
I'm just asking
you to reconsider.
My mind's made up. son.
Dr. Flint is the best
neurosurgeon in the state.
And if this is a GBM. the
surgery is your only shot.
Shot at what?!
I don't want the
life he's offering.
For me or your mother.
- Dad. I know you're scared.
No. you don't know
jack about how I feel.
Fine. But I do know medicine.
Look. my whole life.
you've been the one
who knew better.
I came to you for
advice. or I didn't.
and I found out the hard way.
But this time.
Dad. I know better.
So. please. Dad.
please. listen to me.
Son. I love you.
But it's my life.
and I'm gonna live
it on my terms.
And you're okay with this?
You're alive because
of Dr. Larsen.
We gotta trust her now.
Mr. Coleman. you ready for
your first round of treatment?
Please.
Ready as I'll ever be.
TJ won't talk to me. But
it's only been a few hours
of treatment. I wouldn't expect
to see any improvements yet.
Not exactly the triumphant
return you were hoping for.
He's just too close to it.
There are good reasons to think
that this could be lymphoma.
And. more importantly.
it is what Randy wants.
What he wants or what you want?
What's that supposed to mean?
You know what it's like
to lose everything.
And you'd jump at any chance.
however small. to get it back.
Are you sure that's
not what this is about?
I empathize with the man. sure.
but. no. that is not what
this decision is based on.
I have to trust my gut. Gina.
It's the only piece
of me I have left.
Hey. welcome back.
- What happened?
- You had acute.
severe bleeding from thoracic
endometriosis lesions
in and around your lung.
That means you had uterine
tissue where it shouldn't be.
The good news is.
it wasn't cancer.
But the surgeons did
need to remove a portion
of your right lower lobe.
so you'll be here for...
Where's Lyla?
DCFS picked her up this morning.
No.
After what happened last
night. we had no choice.
It will just be
while you recover.
It won't!
Lyla fell off the monkey
bars a few months ago.
she broke her arm. And
between the hospital visits
and the cast. I-I
couldn't pay my bills.
And they turned
off my electricity.
and I'm skipping meals
so that I can pay it
at the end of the month!
But if DCFS goes to my place
and gets Lyla's things and sees
that my electricity
doesn't work.
then they will take
her from me again!
There must be
something we can do.
There's not. There's
nothing you can do.
so please. just leave me alone.
I said please. just leave! Go!
Okay. here you go.
- Great.
- Night.
- Hey.
- You headed home?
Yeah. I am. but did
you need something?
I talked over Mr. Coleman's
care with the night nurse.
she's on it.
- But I wanted to talk
about Bill Dixon.
You were there three months ago
when he coded. right?
Uh. yeah. I was.
Tough night. He was
a nice guy. Funny.
I have to ask you.
was there something
unusual about the code?
- Um. not really.
I-I mean. it was
chaotic. they always are.
We did CPR. pushed epi
every three to five minutes.
When shocking didn't work.
Dr. Miller pushed Amiodarone...
You mean you pushed it.
at his direction. right?
No. I wasn't
working fast enough.
so he had to step in.
So. you're saying Dr. Miller
reached into the
cart himself to...
Don't. Dr. Larsen.
Look. this is your
second day back.
Do you really want
to go down this road?
Even if there was
a mistake made.
there's nothing to be done
about it now. He's gone.
Good night. Dr. Larsen.
I don't think we
could ever repay you
for what you did today.
I was just in the right
place at the right time.
Nah. you should've seen her
up there. She was Superwoman.
I want Daddy. I wanna
go home. I want Daddy.
I know. Katydid. we're gonna go.
Okay. TJ.
Thank you.
We won't forget this. Doctor.
Uh. wait! Isn't this yours?
You know what? You keep it.
I got my hands full.
And you were pretty
good with it up there.
Thanks. Doc.
I know you're upset about
the course of treatment
that I recommended.
He's now lost all arm
movement and sensation.
Breathing's labored too. We're
gonna have to intubate him
if he gets any worse.
You know.
you haven't changed as
much as people think.
You've always been a maverick.
Unafraid to take chances.
I used to like that about you.
But now I'm starting to think
you just wanna play the hero.
You came to me. TJ.
How're you feeling?
You look better.
Still giving us the
silent treatment. I see?
Well. hopefully you can muster
up a little more enthusiasm
for your next visitor.
- Mommy! Mommy!
Oh hey. hey! Your
Mommy's still recovering.
But we got her all fixed
up. just like we promised.
Are you okay. sweetheart?
- They have Magma Tiles!
- Mm.
We've found a placement for
Lyla. just for a few days.
- And that's it?
- Yeah.
I know you've had some
hard years. Ms. Wilson.
but you've done a tremendous
job getting back on your feet.
We'll have Lyla back home as
soon as you're discharged.
I appreciate that.
I'll be outside.
What just happened?
Somebody must've paid
your electric bill
before DCFS swung by.
♪ Beside me. today... ♪
It's possible I
owe you an apology.
Just take care of
yourself. okay?
Lyla.
♪ 'Till you eyes shed ♪
♪ Into dust ♪
♪ Like two strangers... ♪
Can I come in?
Sure.
I just...
I wanted to thank you
for helping out
with Lyla and Nikki.
I know it got dicey
there for a minute.
but it all worked out.
Yeah. well...
I'm not always the bad guy.
And now I know that.
I'll leave you to it.
Hey. um. just for the record.
all I ever wanted was
for Amy to be happy.
And I guess she could do worse.
♪ I could possibly
be fading... ♪
There you are.
I feel like I haven't
seen you all day.
Any word on Mr. Coleman?
When I know. you'll know.
Hey.
You okay?
Not really. But
thanks for asking.
You wanna come over to my place.
see if I can't turn
your day around?
Sounds nice.
But I can't leave yet. I'm
waiting to talk to Richard.
Okay.
Well. good luck then.
♪ It was you ♪
♪ Breathless and tall ♪
You done for the day?
I am.
You want to walk with me?
I know what happened to Dixon.
We all do. It's right there
in his medical record.
A record you had
restricted for some reason.
I'll tell you what happened.
He aspirated. You
called the code.
and then you mistakenly
picked up Metoprolol
instead of Amiodarone. And
if you inject Metoprolol
into a patient who's
already coding...
I would stop right
there if I were you.
I figured it out. didn't I?
Before the accident. and
that is why you were so keen
to get rid of me.
Answer the question. Richard.
I didn't kill Bill
Dixon. you did!
What are you talking about?
You gave him that
Metoprolol. Amy.
A few weeks before Dixon died.
I was treating him
for complications
from pneumonia. He had
mild pulmonary edema.
his BP was high.
I wanted to treat
with diuretics.
You didn't feel like
that was enough.
you felt like beta
blockers were called for.
We argued. Ultimately.
you wrote him a
script for Metoprolol
without my knowledge.
and you failed to
put it in his chart.
- Why would I do that?
- Because that's what
you were like as chief!
Micromanaging.
marching around here
like you and you alone
could do the job.
And you were spread so thin
that you made mistakes.
I haven't been
covering my ass. Amy.
I've been covering yours.
I don't believe you.
Ask Liz.
She was there when you
wrote the prescription.
You never understood
why I didn't want you
coming back. But then...
then you were different.
Your better self.
Please. for both of our sakes.
just forget about all of this.
Okay? It would be
best for everyone.
♪ Oh no. I did it again ♪
♪ I tell the world I'm
fine. never near the edge ♪
♪ And now I'm falling ♪
♪ Too late to tell the truth ♪
♪ Oh no. I did it again ♪
♪ I heard them all too
loud. voices in my head... ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm caving out ♪
♪ And I just sit back... ♪
Hey. what's wrong?
Come here. Come here.
- I. I...
- It's okay.
What happened? What is it?
I...
Hey. you're okay. I'm here.
It's okay.
♪ So I'm safe and sound ♪
♪ While I'm in this room
Slipping and thinking of you ♪
difuze